Neither to you nor any one; having no witness to confirm my speech.
How came she by that light?
Ay, but their sense is shut.
Yet here's a spot.
What need we fear who knows it, when none can call our power to account?--Yet who would have thought the old man to have had so much blood
Go to, go to; you have known what you should not.
To-morrow, and to-morrow, and to-morrow, Creeps in this petty pace from day to day
That struts and frets his hour upon the stage And then is heard no more: it is a tale
And make us even with you. My thanes and kinsmen, Henceforth be earls, the first that ever Scotland
Producing forth the cruel ministers Of this dead butcher and his fiend-like queen,
So, thanks to all at once and to each one, Whom we invite to see us crown'd at Scone.
and the baldric was made of silver.
heaven- the Pleiads, the Hyads, huge Orion, and the Bear, which men also call the Wain and which turns round ever in one place, facing.
In the one were weddings and wedding-feasts, and they were going about the
Meanwhile the people were gathered in assembly, for there was a quarrel, and two men were wrangling about the
Each was trying to make his own case good, and the people took sides, each man backing the side that he had taken; but the heralds kept
judgement should be deemed the fairest.
But the men of the city would not yet consent, and armed themselves for a surprise; their wives and little children kept guard
befitting gods, while they that followed were smaller.
Some way off them there were two scouts who were on the look-out for the coming of sheep or cattle, which presently came,
Meanwhile the besiegers, when they heard much noise among the cattle as they sat in council, sprang to their horses, and
With them were Strife and Riot, and fell Fate who was dragging three men after her, one with a fresh wound, and the other
He wrought also a fair fallow field, large and thrice ploughed already.
and they would go back to their furrows looking forward to the time when they should again reach the headland.
He wrought also a field of harvest corn, and the reapers were reaping with sharp sickles in their hands.
among them all the owner of the land stood by in silence and was glad.
He wrought also a vineyard, golden and fair to see, and the vines were loaded with grapes.
the vintagers went when they would gather the vintage.
He wrought also a herd of homed cattle.
Along with the cattle there went four shepherds, all of them in gold, and their nine fleet dogs went with them.
but the herdsmen were afraid to do anything, and only hounded on their dogs; the dogs dared not fasten on the lions but
Furthermore he wrought a green, like that which Daedalus once made in Cnossus for lovely Ariadne.
The girls were crowned with garlands, while the young men had daggers of gold that hung by silver baldrics; sometimes they would
There was a bard also to sing to them and play his lyre, while two tumblers went about performing
Then when he had fashioned the shield so great and strong, he made a breastplate also that shone brighter than fire.
falcon from the snowy summits of Olympus and bore away the gleaming armour from the house of Vulcan