That, sir, which I will not report after her.  You may to me: and 'tis most meet you should.
Lo you, here she comes! This is her very guise; and, upon my life, fast asleep. Observe her; stand close.
You see, her eyes are open.
It is an accustomed action with her, to seem thus washing her hands: I have known her continue in this a quarter of an hour.
Out, damned spot! out, I say!--One: two: why, then, 'tis time to do't.--Hell is murky!--Fie, my lord, fie! a soldier, and afeard?
The thane of Fife had a wife: where is she now?-- What, will these hands ne'er be clean?--No more o' that, my lord, no more o' that:
She should have died hereafter; There would have been a time for such a word.
The way to dusty death. Out, out, brief candle! Life's but a walking shadow, a poor player
We shall not spend a large expense of time Before we reckon with your several loves,
As calling home our exiled friends abroad That fled the snares of watchful tyranny;
That calls upon us, by the grace of Grace, We will perform in measure, time and place:
First he shaped the shield so great and strong, adorning it all over and binding it round with a gleaming circuit in three layers;
He wrought the earth, the heavens, and the sea; the moon also at her full and the untiring sun, with all the signs that glorify the face of
He wrought also two cities, fair to see and busy with the hum of men.
Loud rose the cry of Hymen, and the youths danced to the music of flute and lyre, while the women stood each at her house door to see them.
been paid.
Then they rose and each in his turn gave judgement, and there were two talents laid down, to be given to him whose
and accept the half of what it contained.
Pallas Minerva at their head- both of them wrought in gold and clad in golden raiment, great and fair with their armour as
from far and near to water; here, then, they lay concealed, clad in full armour.
When those who were in ambush saw this, they cut off the flocks and herds and killed the shepherds.
and the hosts aimed their bronze-shod spears at one another.
They went in and out with one another and fought as though they were living people haling away one another's dead.
Each time that they turned on reaching the headland a man would come up to them and give them a cup of wine,
if it were being ploughed- very curious to behold.
There were three binders, and behind them there were boys who gathered the cut corn in armfuls and kept on bringing them to be bound:
while the women were making a porridge of much white barley for the labourers' dinner.
He ran a ditch of dark metal all round it, and fenced it with a fence of tin; there was only one path to it, and by this
a boy who made sweet music with his lyre, and sang the Linus-song with his clear boyish voice.
reeds that grow by the banks of the river.
while the dogs and men gave chase: the lions tore through the bull's thick hide and were gorging on his blood and bowels,
The god wrought also a pasture in a fair mountain dell, and large flock of sheep, with a homestead and huts, and sheltered sheepfolds.
The maidens wore robes of light linen, and the youths well woven shirts that were slightly oiled.
whether it will run, and sometimes they would go all in line with one another, and much people was gathered joyously about the green.
All round the outermost rim of the shield he set the mighty stream of the river Oceanus.
Lastly, when the famed lame god had made all the armour, he took it and set it before the mother of Achilles; whereon she darted like a