I have two nights watched with you, but can perceive no truth in your report. When was it she last walked?
Enter LADY MACBETH, with a taper
Why, it stood by her: she has light by her continually; 'tis her command.
What is it she does now? Look, how she rubs her hands.
Hark! she speaks: I will set down what comes from her, to satisfy my remembrance the more strongly.
Do you mark that?
She has spoke what she should not, I am sure of that: heaven knows what she has known.
To the last syllable of recorded time, And all our yesterdays have lighted fools
Told by an idiot, full of sound and fury, Signifying nothing.
In such an honour named. What's more to do, Which would be planted newly with the time,
Who, as 'tis thought, by self and violent hands Took off her life; this, and what needful else
Flourish. Exeunt
He made the shield in five thicknesses, and with many a wonder did his cunning hand enrich it.
Orion, and alone never dips into the stream of Oceanus.
city with brides whom they were escorting by torchlight from their chambers.
blood-money for a man who had been killed, the one saying before the people that he had paid damages in full, and the other that he had not
them back, and the elders sate on their seats of stone in a solemn circle, holding the staves which the heralds had put into their hands.
About the other city there lay encamped two hosts in gleaming armour, and they were divided whether to sack it, or to spare it
upon the walls, and with them were the men who were past fighting through age; but the others sallied forth with Mars and
When they reached the place where they would lay their ambush, it was on a riverbed to which live stock of all kinds would come
followed by two shepherds who were playing on their pipes, and had not so much as a thought of danger.
made with all speed towards them; when they reached them they set battle in array by the banks of the river,
unwounded, while the third was dead, and she was dragging him along by his heel: and her robe was bedrabbled in men's blood.
Many men were working at the plough within it, turning their oxen to and fro, furrow after furrow.
The part that they had ploughed was dark behind them, so that the field, though it was of gold, still looked as
Swathe after swathe fell to the ground in a straight line behind them, and the binders bound them in bands of twisted straw.
The servants were getting a meal ready under an oak, for they had sacrificed a great ox, and were busy cutting him up,
The bunches overhead were black, but the vines were trained on poles of silver.
Youths and maidens all blithe and full of glee, carried the luscious fruit in plaited baskets; and with them there went
He made the cows of gold and tin, and they lowed as they came full speed out of the yards to go and feed among the waving
Two terrible lions had fastened on a bellowing bull that was with the foremost cows, and bellow as he might they haled him,
stood by barking and keeping out of harm's way.
Hereon there danced youths and maidens whom all would woo, with their hands on one another's wrists.
dance deftly in a ring with merry twinkling feet, as it were a potter sitting at his work and making trial of his wheel to see
in the midst of them when the man struck up with his tune.
He made helmet, close fitting to the brow, and richly worked, with a golden plume overhanging it; and he made greaves also of beaten tin.